** aws-iot-device-sdk-cpp-v2; version 1.18.2 -- https://github.com/aws/aws-iot-device-sdk-cpp-v2/
** EMQX; version 4.4.9 -- https://emqx.io/
** Erlang OTP; version 24.0 -- https://www.erlang.org/

Apache License
Version 2.0, January 2004
http://www.apache.org/licenses/

TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR USE, REPRODUCTION, AND DISTRIBUTION

1. Definitions.

"License" shall mean the terms and conditions for use, reproduction, and
distribution as defined by Sections 1 through 9 of this document.

"Licensor" shall mean the copyright owner or entity authorized by the copyright
owner that is granting the License.

"Legal Entity" shall mean the union of the acting entity and all other entities
that control, are controlled by, or are under common control with that entity.
For the purposes of this definition, "control" means (i) the power, direct or
indirect, to cause the direction or management of such entity, whether by
contract or otherwise, or (ii) ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the
outstanding shares, or (iii) beneficial ownership of such entity.

"You" (or "Your") shall mean an individual or Legal Entity exercising
permissions granted by this License.

"Source" form shall mean the preferred form for making modifications, including
but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration
files.

"Object" form shall mean any form resulting from mechanical transformation or
translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code,
generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.

"Work" shall mean the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, made
available under the License, as indicated by a copyright notice that is included
in or attached to the work (an example is provided in the Appendix below).

"Derivative Works" shall mean any work, whether in Source or Object form, that
is based on (or derived from) the Work and for which the editorial revisions,
annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an
original work of authorship. For the purposes of this License, Derivative Works
shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by
name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.

"Contribution" shall mean any work of authorship, including the original version
of the Work and any modifications or additions to that Work or Derivative Works
thereof, that is intentionally submitted to Licensor for inclusion in the Work
by the copyright owner or by an individual or Legal Entity authorized to submit
on behalf of the copyright owner. For the purposes of this definition,
"submitted" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent
to the Licensor or its representatives, including but not limited to
communication on electronic mailing lists, source code control systems, and
issue tracking systems that are managed by, or on behalf of, the Licensor for
the purpose of discussing and improving the Work, but excluding communication
that is conspicuously marked or otherwise designated in writing by the copyright
owner as "Not a Contribution."

"Contributor" shall mean Licensor and any individual or Legal Entity on behalf
of whom a Contribution has been received by Licensor and subsequently
incorporated within the Work.

2. Grant of Copyright License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this
License, each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-
exclusive, no-charge, royalty-free, irrevocable copyright license to reproduce,
prepare Derivative Works of, publicly display, publicly perform, sublicense, and
distribute the Work and such Derivative Works in Source or Object form.

3. Grant of Patent License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this License,
each Contributor hereby grants to You a perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, no-
charge, royalty-free, irrevocable (except as stated in this section) patent
license to make, have made, use, offer to sell, sell, import, and otherwise
transfer the Work, where such license applies only to those patent claims
licensable by such Contributor that are necessarily infringed by their
Contribution(s) alone or by combination of their Contribution(s) with the Work
to which such Contribution(s) was submitted. If You institute patent litigation
against any entity (including a cross-claim or counterclaim in a lawsuit)
alleging that the Work or a Contribution incorporated within the Work
constitutes direct or contributory patent infringement, then any patent licenses
granted to You under this License for that Work shall terminate as of the date
such litigation is filed.

4. Redistribution. You may reproduce and distribute copies of the Work or
Derivative Works thereof in any medium, with or without modifications, and in
Source or Object form, provided that You meet the following conditions:

     (a) You must give any other recipients of the Work or Derivative Works a
copy of this License; and

     (b) You must cause any modified files to carry prominent notices stating
that You changed the files; and

     (c) You must retain, in the Source form of any Derivative Works that You
distribute, all copyright, patent, trademark, and attribution notices from the
Source form of the Work, excluding those notices that do not pertain to any part
of the Derivative Works; and

     (d) If the Work includes a "NOTICE" text file as part of its distribution,
then any Derivative Works that You distribute must include a readable copy of
the attribution notices contained within such NOTICE file, excluding those
notices that do not pertain to any part of the Derivative Works, in at least one
of the following places: within a NOTICE text file distributed as part of the
Derivative Works; within the Source form or documentation, if provided along
with the Derivative Works; or, within a display generated by the Derivative
Works, if and wherever such third-party notices normally appear. The contents of
the NOTICE file are for informational purposes only and do not modify the
License. You may add Your own attribution notices within Derivative Works that
You distribute, alongside or as an addendum to the NOTICE text from the Work,
provided that such additional attribution notices cannot be construed as
modifying the License.

     You may add Your own copyright statement to Your modifications and may
provide additional or different license terms and conditions for use,
reproduction, or distribution of Your modifications, or for any such Derivative
Works as a whole, provided Your use, reproduction, and distribution of the Work
otherwise complies with the conditions stated in this License.

5. Submission of Contributions. Unless You explicitly state otherwise, any
Contribution intentionally submitted for inclusion in the Work by You to the
Licensor shall be under the terms and conditions of this License, without any
additional terms or conditions. Notwithstanding the above, nothing herein shall
supersede or modify the terms of any separate license agreement you may have
executed with Licensor regarding such Contributions.

6. Trademarks. This License does not grant permission to use the trade names,
trademarks, service marks, or product names of the Licensor, except as required
for reasonable and customary use in describing the origin of the Work and
reproducing the content of the NOTICE file.

7. Disclaimer of Warranty. Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in
writing, Licensor provides the Work (and each Contributor provides its
Contributions) on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
KIND, either express or implied, including, without limitation, any warranties
or conditions of TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, or FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE. You are solely responsible for determining the
appropriateness of using or redistributing the Work and assume any risks
associated with Your exercise of permissions under this License.

8. Limitation of Liability. In no event and under no legal theory, whether in
tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, unless required by
applicable law (such as deliberate and grossly negligent acts) or agreed to in
writing, shall any Contributor be liable to You for damages, including any
direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character
arising as a result of this License or out of the use or inability to use the
Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage,
computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses), even if such Contributor has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

9. Accepting Warranty or Additional Liability. While redistributing the Work or
Derivative Works thereof, You may choose to offer, and charge a fee for,
acceptance of support, warranty, indemnity, or other liability obligations
and/or rights consistent with this License. However, in accepting such
obligations, You may act only on Your own behalf and on Your sole
responsibility, not on behalf of any other Contributor, and only if You agree to
indemnify, defend, and hold each Contributor harmless for any liability incurred
by, or claims asserted against, such Contributor by reason of your accepting any
such warranty or additional liability.

END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS

APPENDIX: How to apply the Apache License to your work.

To apply the Apache License to your work, attach the following boilerplate
notice, with the fields enclosed by brackets "[]" replaced with your own
identifying information. (Don't include the brackets!)  The text should be
enclosed in the appropriate comment syntax for the file format. We also
recommend that a file or class name and description of purpose be included on
the same "printed page" as the copyright notice for easier identification within
third-party archives.

Copyright [yyyy] [name of copyright owner]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

* For aws-iot-device-sdk-cpp-v2 see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. All Rights Reserved.
* For EMQX see also this required NOTICE:

    EMQX, a highly scalable, highly available distributed MQTT messaging broker
for IoT.
    Copyright (c) 2017-2022 EMQ Technologies Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved.

    This product contains code developed at EMQ Technologies Co., Ltd.
    Visit https://www.emqx.com to learn more.
* For Erlang OTP 23.2 see also this required NOTICE:
    Copyright Ericsson AB 2010-2022. All Rights Reserved.

------

** Microsoft Visual C++ Redistributable; version 14.32 -- https://aka.ms/vs/17/release/vc_redist.x64.exe

MICROSOFT SOFTWARE LICENSE TERMS

MICROSOFT VISUAL STUDIO COMMUNITY 2022

These license terms are an agreement between you and Microsoft Corporation (or
based on where you live, one of its affiliates). They apply to the software
named above. The terms also apply to any Microsoft services or updates for the
software, except to the extent those have different terms.

IF YOU COMPLY WITH THESE LICENSE TERMS, YOU HAVE THE RIGHTS BELOW.

1. INSTALLATION AND USE RIGHTS.

a. Individual License. If you are an individual working on your own
applications, either to sell or for any other purpose, you may use the software
to develop and test those applications.

b. Organizational License. If you are an organization, your users may use the
software as follows:

i. Any number of your users may use the software to develop and test
applications released under Open Source Initiative (OSI) approved open source
software licenses.

ii. Any number of your users may use the software to develop and test extensions
to Visual Studio.

iii. Any number of your users may use the software to develop and test device
drivers for the Windows operating system.

iv. Any number of your users may use the software only for Microsoft SQL Server
development when using the SQL Server Data Tools or the extensions “Microsoft
Analysis Services Projects”, “Microsoft Reporting Services Projects”, or “SQL
Server Integration Services Projects” to develop Microsoft SQL Server database
projects or Analysis Services, Reporting Services, Power BI Report Server, or
Integration Services projects.

v. Any number of your users may use the software to develop and test your
applications as part of online or in person classroom training and education, or
for performing academic research.

vi. If none of the above apply, and you are also not an enterprise (defined
below), then up to 5 of your individual users can use the software concurrently
to develop and test your applications.

vii. If you are an enterprise, your employees and contractors may not use the
software to develop or test your applications, except for: (i) open source; (ii)
Visual Studio extensions; (iii) device drivers for the Windows operating system;
(iv) SQL Server development; and, (v) education purposes as permitted above.

An “enterprise” is any organization and its affiliates who collectively have
either (a) more than 250 PCs or users or (b) one million U.S. dollars (or the
equivalent in other currencies) in annual revenues, and “affiliates” means those
entities that control (via majority ownership), are controlled by, or are under
common control with an organization.

c. Workloads. These license terms apply to your use of the workloads made
available to you within the software, except to the extent a workload, or a
workload component comes with different license terms and support policies.

d. Backup Copy. You may make one backup copy of the software, for reinstalling
the software.

e. Online Services in the Software. Some features of the software make use of
online services to provide you information about updates to the software or
extensions, or to enable you to retrieve

content, collaborate with others, or otherwise supplement your development
experience. As used throughout this agreement, the term “software” includes
these online service features, and by using them, you consent to the
transmission of information as described in Section 6, DATA.

f. Demo Use. The uses permitted above include use of the software in
demonstrating your applications.

g. Previews. You may use any number of copies of software, components, or
features (“preview channel software”) Microsoft may make available to you
through the Preview Channel only for internal evaluation purposes. Microsoft may
also make available to you preview features or components (“preview features”)
through the Current Channel. Preview features may be used consistent with your
use rights to Visual Studio Community. Preview Channel software and preview
features (collectively, “previews”), the Preview Channel, and Current Channel
are further described at https://aka.ms/vs/17/channels-overview. Previews are
experimental and may be substantially different from the commercially released
version. They may not operate correctly or work the way a final version will.
Microsoft may change previews for the final, commercial version, if any.
Microsoft is not obligated to provide maintenance, technical support or updates
to you for previews.

2. VISUAL STUDIO INTELLICODE SERVICE.

a. AI-assisted IntelliSense Service. This service provides a base model trained
on publicly available open source code that enables you to receive AI-assisted
IntelliSense suggestions. The base model will enable you to receive AI-assisted
IntelliSense suggestions for common types and components. You may use the base
model, in whole or in part, only with the software. The service also provides
the facility to train any number of team completion models on your own
applications. These team completion models are for your use and use by those
with whom you wish to share. (See 2.c. below for the definition of a team
completion model.)

b. Your Data. AI-assisted IntelliSense analyzes your application locally to
generate a summary file with metadata on the types and their usage across your
application which illustrate your patterns of usage. The summary file contains
information about the names of classes, methods, and how often they are used in
your application (“Your Data”). You retain ownership of all aspects of Your
Data, including, but not limited to, all right, title and interest in and to the
underlying application code.

c. Team Completion Model.

i. You may submit Your Data to Microsoft through the AI-assisted IntelliSense
service for the sole purpose of enabling Microsoft to create a team completion
model. The team completion model is an AI-assisted IntelliSense set of
recommendations based on Your Data. By submitting Your Data to Microsoft, you
give Microsoft the right and license to copy, modify, create derivative works
of, and transform Your Data to create a team completion model. Microsoft will
not use Your Data or the resulting trained machine learning of the team
completion model for any other purpose.

ii. You may use the team completion model, in whole or in part, only with the
software.

3. TERMS FOR SPECIFIC COMPONENTS. a. Utilities. The software contains items on
the Utilities List at https://aka.ms/vs/17/utilities. You may copy and install
those items onto your devices to debug and deploy your applications and
databases you developed with the software. The Utilities are designed for
temporary use. Microsoft may not be able to patch or update Utilities separately
from the rest of the software. Some Utilities by their nature may make it
possible for others to access the devices on which the Utilities are installed.
You should delete all Utilities you have installed after you finish debugging or
deploying your applications and databases. Microsoft is not responsible for any
third party use or access of devices, or of the applications or databases on
devices, on which Utilities have been installed.

b. Build Devices and Visual Studio Build Tools. You may copy and install files
from the software or from Visual Studio Build Tools onto your build devices,
including physical devices and virtual machines or containers on those machines,
whether on-premises or remote machines that are owned by you, hosted on
Microsoft Azure for you, or dedicated solely to your use (collectively, “Build
Devices”). You and others in your organization may us these files on your Build
Devices solely to compile, build, and verify applications developed by using the
software, or run quality or performance tests of those applications as part of
the build process.

c. Code Inspection. This software includes functionality that enables you to
inspect binary code and reproduce source code from original binary code. Use of
these features of the software is entirely optional. By using this
functionality, you acknowledge that the binary code and source code may be
protected by copyright and trademark laws. You also agree not to violate any
applicable copyright and trademark laws or license agreements and represent that
you will have obtained permission or otherwise be permitted to inspect binary
code and reproduce source code if you use this functionality. Microsoft is not
responsible for any uses by you in violation of applicable laws or license
agreements.

d. Fonts. While the software is running, you may use its fonts to display and
print content. You may only (i) embed fonts in content as permitted by the
embedding restrictions in the fonts; and (ii) temporarily download them to a
printer or other output device to print content.

e. Licenses for Other Components.

i. Microsoft Platforms. The software may include components from Microsoft
Windows; Microsoft Windows Server; Microsoft SQL Server; Microsoft Exchange;
Microsoft Office; and Microsoft SharePoint, or other Microsoft software. These
components are governed by separate agreements and their own product support
policies, as described in the Microsoft “Licenses” folder accompanying the
software, except that, if license terms for those components are also included
in the associated installation directory, those license terms control.

ii. Third party Components. The software may include third party components with
separate legal notices or governed by other agreements, as may be described in
the notices file(s) accompanying the software.

f. Package Managers. The software includes package managers, like NuGet, that
give you the option to download other Microsoft and third party software
packages to use with your applications. Those packages are under their own
licenses, and not these license terms. Microsoft does not distribute, license or
provide any warranties for any of the third party packages.

4. DISTRIBUTABLE CODE. The software contains code that you may distribute in
applications you develop as described in this Section. For purposes of this
Section 4, the term “distribution” also means deployment of your applications
for third parties to access over the Internet.

a. Right to Use and Distribute. The code and text files listed below are
“Distributable Code”.

i. Distributable List. You may copy and distribute the object code form of code
listed on the Distributable List located at https://aka.ms/vs/17/redistribution.

ii. Sample Code, Templates and Styles. You may copy, modify and distribute the
source and object code form of code marked as “sample”, “template”, “simple
styles” and “sketch styles”.

iii. Third Party Distribution. You may permit distributors of your applications
to copy and distribute the Distributable Code as part of those applications.

b. Distribution Requirements. For any Distributable Code you distribute, you
must:

· add significant primary functionality to it in your applications; and

· require distributors and external end users to agree to terms that protect the
Distributable Code at least as much as this agreement.

c. Distribution Restrictions. You may not:

· distribute components or runtimes that are marked “Preview”, “Pre-release” or
“Beta”;

· use Microsoft’s trademarks in your applications’ names or in a way that
suggests your applications come from or are endorsed by Microsoft; or

· modify or distribute the source code of any Distributable Code so that any
part of it becomes subject to an Excluded License. An “Excluded License” is one
that requires, as a condition of use, modification or distribution of code, that
(i) it be disclosed or distributed in source code form; or (ii) others have the
right to modify it.

5. DEVELOPING EXTENSIONS.

a. Limits on Extensions. You may not develop or enable others to develop
extensions for the software (or any other component of the Visual Studio family
of products) which circumvent the technical limitations implemented in the
software. If Microsoft technically limits or disables extensibility for the
software, you may not extend the software by, among other things, loading or
injecting into the software any non-Microsoft add-ins, macros, or packages;
modifying the software registry settings; or adding features or functionality
equivalent to that found in the Visual Studio family of products.

b. No Degrading the Software. If you develop an extension for the software (or
any other component of the Visual Studio family of products), you must test the
installation, uninstallation, and operation of your extension to ensure that
such processes do not disable any features or adversely affect the functionality
of the software (or such component) or of any previous version or edition
thereof.

6. DATA.

a. Data Collection. The software may collect information about you and your use
of the software, and send that to Microsoft. Microsoft may use this information
to provide services and improve our products and services. You may opt-out of
many of these scenarios, but not all, as described in the software
documentation. There are also some features in the software that may enable you
and Microsoft to collect data from users of your applications. If you use these
features, you must comply with applicable law, including providing appropriate
notices to users of your applications together with a copy of Microsoft’s
privacy statement. Our privacy statement is located at https://aka.ms/privacy.
You can learn more about data collection and its use from the software
documentation and our privacy statement. Your use of the software operates as
your consent to these practices.

b. Processing of Personal Data. To the extent Microsoft is a processor or
subprocessor of personal data in connection with the software, Microsoft makes
the commitments in the European Union General Data Protection Regulation Terms
of the Microsoft Products and Services Data Protection Addendum to all customers
effective May 25, 2018, at https://docs.microsoft.com/legal/gdpr.

7. SCOPE OF LICENSE. The software is licensed, not sold. These license terms
only give you some rights to use the software. Microsoft reserves all other
rights. Unless applicable law gives you more rights despite this limitation, you
may use the software only as expressly permitted in these license terms. In
doing so, you must comply with any technical limitations in the software that
only allow you to use it in certain ways. In addition, you may not:

· work around any technical limitations in the software;

· reverse engineer, decompile or disassemble the software, or otherwise attempt
to derive the source code for the software, except and only to the extent
required by third party licensing terms governing use of certain open source
components that may be included with the software;

· remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Microsoft or its suppliers in
the software;

· use the software in any way that is against the law;

· share, publish, rent or lease the software; or

· provide the software as a stand-alone offering or combine it with any of your
applications for others to use, or transfer the software or this agreement to
any third party. 8. SUPPORT. Because the software is “as is”, we may not provide
support services for it.

9. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This agreement, and the terms for supplements, updates,
Internet-based services and support services, are the entire agreement for the
software and support services.

10. EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. You must comply with all domestic and international
export laws and regulations that apply to the software, which include
restrictions on destinations, end users and end use. For further information on
export restrictions, visit www.microsoft.com/exporting.

11. APPLICABLE LAW. If you acquired the software in the United States,
Washington state law applies to interpretation of, and claims for breach of this
agreement, and the laws of the state where you live apply to all other claims.
If you acquired the software in any other country, its laws apply.

12. CONSUMER RIGHTS; REGIONAL VARIATIONS. These license terms describe certain
legal rights. You may have other rights, including consumer rights, under the
laws of your state or country. You may also have rights with respect to the
party from which you acquired the software. This agreement does not change those
other rights if the laws of your state or country do not permit it to do so. For
example, if you acquired the software in one of the below regions, or mandatory
country law applies, then the following provisions apply to you:

a. Australia. You have statutory guarantees under the Australian Consumer Law
and nothing in these license terms is intended to affect those rights.

b. Canada. You may stop receiving updates on your device by turning off Internet
access. If and when you re-connect to the Internet, the software will resume
checking for and installing updates.

c. Germany and Austria.

(i) Warranty. The properly licensed software will perform substantially as
described in any Microsoft materials that accompany it. However, Microsoft gives
no contractual guarantee in relation to the software.

(ii) Limitation of Liability. In case of intentional conduct, gross negligence,
claims based on the Product Liability Act, as well as in case of death or
personal or physical injury, Microsoft is liable according to the statutory law.

Subject to the preceding sentence (ii), Microsoft will only be liable for slight
negligence if Microsoft is in breach of such material contractual obligations,
the fulfillment of which facilitate the due performance of this agreement, the
breach of which would endanger the purpose of this agreement and the compliance
with which a party may constantly trust in (so-called “cardinal obligations”).
In other cases of slight negligence, Microsoft will not be liable for slight
negligence.

13. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTY. THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED “AS-IS”. YOU BEAR THE RISK
OF USING IT. MICROSOFT GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR CONDITIONS. TO
THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS, MICROSOFT EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED

WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NON-
INFRINGEMENT.

14. LIMITATION ON DAMAGES. YOU CAN RECOVER FROM MICROSOFT AND ITS SUPPLIERS ONLY
DIRECT DAMAGES UP TO U.S. $5.00. YOU CANNOT RECOVER ANY OTHER DAMAGES, INCLUDING
CONSEQUENTIAL, LOST PROFITS, SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES.

This limitation applies to (a) anything related to the software, services,
content (including code) on third party Internet sites, or third party
applications; and (b) claims for breach of contract, breach of warranty,
guarantee or condition, strict liability, negligence, or other tort to the
extent permitted by applicable law.

It also applies even if Microsoft knew or should have known about the
possibility of the damages. The above limitation or exclusion may not apply to
you because your state or country may not allow the exclusion or limitation of
incidental, consequential or other damages.

EULAID: VS_Comm_2022_ENU.1033

------

** Alpine Linux; version 3.15.4 -- https://github.com/alpinelinux/docker-alpine
Copyright (c) 2019 Natanael Copa

MIT License

Copyright (c) <year> <copyright holders>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of
this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal in
the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to
use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of
the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS
FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER
IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
